Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now over here, we're going to have the checkout button and the way we're going to have a test, widgets
wishes is going to say total price and the value are going to have the total price of all the products
we had.
That's our costs.
Okay.
Not to do this, nobody need to go back to our code.
Now, first of all, in order to display widgets at this spot.
The scaffold.
Widgets.
As a property known as bottom --.
Okay.
You can even do it a tough year.
Right.
But must be within the scaffold.
So let confess in flutter.
It does not really matter.
Okay, Casi, but some -- like it's going to be over here.
Okay.
Now.
We can't just take this to the bottom.
Okay.
Bottom.
--.
Okay.
Now, like I said, we are going to be having three main widgets.
The.
Button widgets.
The says widgets.
Which is going to say.
So surprise.
And then what's it going to have in the test, which again, was going to be for the.
All the products we have added the total price of all the products we have added.
So our costs.
Okay.
So not to do this, you know, not to display widgets horizontally, you're going to be using the widgets
which are already known.
That's the role.
Okay as well.
This role can take multiple widgets.
So it's as if children.
Okay.
Now for the first child is going to be the.
The.
Elevated, but they oppress.
Okay.
Now the child is going to be a test it wishes is going to say check.
LBS.
Okay.
Addiction and use culture and this to safe.
But you're going to see that this was.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can do is we can rob this button with an expanded widget so the buttons will take the
available space.
Okay, now via a light and use control.
And that wrap with widgets is going to be expanded.
Expanded widgets.
Look, now you're going to see it, but it's going to take the full size.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to have the harder tests.
So it says here, right, we can then have the other tests.
And he's going to say so to.
Okay.
The key.
Here you can see the value.
Right.
Okay.
Now as well, you're going to have the other test again is going to see you as the.
He is the.
Okay.
We can just use yesterday.
For now, we just do it this way.
Okay.
He's got you and s.
Okay, great.
Now, once we can do, we can give a little space between this and this Nazi's attitude.
That's another way we thought using this size box is using this piece of widgets.
Okay.
Now over here, we can use the spacer.
The actual color and see.
Okay.
You can see now, it's now very small.
And now we can grab this row with the paddle drop which are then.
Okay.
We can just go with ten for all sides.
Go check it out.
Okay.
That we can give space between this and this.
So.
Over here.
You can just use the size box.
Weeks of five.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can then tie this.
Gives his thigh.
This time.
You can increase the font size to 17, and so each color and font suite is going to be font weeds.
Doug Vogt.
Okay.
Addiction killer.
And save.
Okay.
Now for this as well.
You can use this to visit any test site and you can see fonts we can just use.
Go ahead.
We can we can need you for like that and just say fonts.
Wait.
There's going to be France with.
The W 700 wouldn't want it to be that boat.
Okay.
Great.
Now what you can as well do is we can do is tide is button.
Okay.
Now go to the elevated button.
This elevated button has a property known as Ty.
It's going to be elevated.
What's in Dodd's pie from.
Okay.
Now, first of all, we can give some rounded shape to this so we can see this ship.
This is going to be rounded.
Rectangle border.
So now we can pass whatever.
Yes, we can say whatever our radius.
That's a killer of eight.
Okay.
I got you to come over as well.
And this culture and this.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can change the color of this button.
First of all, added to cover.
So is no expense.
Okay.
Now it's in the.
Elevator.
This time for a ride, you can see.
This widget is here so you can.
There's a primary.
There's going to be colors.
That's black.
Okay.
There is culture and this.
Great.
Okay.
No.
You can do some styling to this sty test tie.
We can just say fun.
Sweet.
Fun.
Sweet to be you.
500.
Okay.
Did you call?
Great.
Probably in the future.
Regional tide is better, but for now I think we are good.
Okay, guys, see you in this picture.